You really are a warm-up suit.
I have never denied my identity
You don't believe it yourself
Stupid bitch
So what if you're a warm-up suit?
My life is already well
Just with me
I'm just a piece of shit
Are you sure your side is ready?
I see your face is so annoying
What do you mean?
Literally
Li Junyu, am I losing you or a genius doctor?
Hello.
You tricked me into taking fake medicine?
Dealing with abnormal people
You have to use abnormal means
Where is my eldest son?
Dead is impossible
I put poison in your waist
You don't say yes?
Then wait to die
An army An army
You save me
Chairperson, I am innocent
You deserve it.
So
Li Nanjuan didn't expect you to do it for Lin Xinyue
How could you be so cruel to me?
I'll tell you what.
I'll take you there.
But you're the only one going.
Well, you better not play any tricks.
When you want to be reunited with your eldest son
Then let's go to hell together
Don't worry.
Mr. Li, take good care of Mrs. Li at home
The parent-child young master is missing
Missing, hurry up and find it